Merge the two plugin guides into one (#912)
nomiclabs/buidler: docs/advanced/building-plugins.md

# Building plugins

In this section, we will explore the creation of plugins for Hardhat, which are the key component
for integrating other tools and extending the built-in functionality.

## What exactly are plugins in Hardhat?

Plugins are bits of reusable configuration. Anything that you can do in a plugin, can
also be done in your config file. You can test your ideas in a config file, and move
them into a plugin when ready.

When developing a plugin the main tools available to integrate new functionality are extending the

> [Hardhat Runtime Environment], extending the Hardhat config, defining new tasks and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Hardhat Runtime Environment](../advanced/hardhat-runtime-environment), extending the Hardhat config, defining new tasks and
```

overriding existing ones, which are all configuration actions achieved through code.

Some examples of things you could achieve by creating a plugin are running a linter when
the `check` task runs, using different compiler versions for different files or
generating an UML diagram for your contracts.

## Extending the Hardhat Runtime Environment

> Let’s go through the process of creating a plugin to inject ethers.js to the [Hardhat Runtime Environment].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let’s go through the process of creating a plugin to inject ethers.js to the Hardhat Runtime Environment.
```

Author: This is totally outdated. Will change it now

The Hardhat Runtime Environment (HRE) is configured through a queue of extension functions 
that you can add to using the `extendEnvironment()` function. It receives one parameter which is a function which will be executed
after the HRE is initialized. If `extendEnvironment` is called multiple times, its 
callbacks will be executed in order.

For example, adding the following to `hardhat.config.js`:

```js
extendEnvironment((hre) => {
  hre.hi = "Hello, Hardhat!";
});
```

Will make `hi` available everywhere where the environment is accessible.

```js
extendEnvironment((hre) => {
  hre.hi = "Hello, Hardhat!";
});

task("envtest", (args, hre) => {
  console.log(hre.hi);
});

module.exports = {};
```

Will yield:

```
$ npx hardhat envtest
Hello, Hardhat!
```

This is literally all it takes to put together a plugin for Hardhat. Now `hi` is available to be used in 
the Hardhat console, your tasks, tests and other plugins. 

## Using the Hardhat TypeScript plugin boilerplate

For a complete example of a plugin you can take a look at the [Hardhat TypeScript plugin boilerplate project](https://github.com/nomiclabs/hardhat-ts-plugin-boilerplate/).

> Plugins don't need to be written in TypeScript, but we recommend doing it, as many of our use it. Creating a plugin in

Reviewer: "many of our use it"? Many of our users?

# Building plugins

In this section, we will explore the creation of plugins for Hardhat, which are the key component
for integrating other tools and extending the built-in functionality.

## What exactly are plugins in Hardhat?

Plugins are bits of reusable configuration. Anything that you can do in a plugin, can
also be done in your config file. You can test your ideas in a config file, and move
them into a plugin when ready.

When developing a plugin the main tools available to integrate new functionality are extending the

> [Hardhat Runtime Environment](../advanced/hardhat-runtime-environment), extending the Hardhat config, defining new tasks and

Reviewer 2: declare the HRE link at the bottom and add brackets to all mentions

overriding existing ones, which are all configuration actions achieved through code.

Some examples of things you could achieve by creating a plugin are running a linter when
the `check` task runs, using different compiler versions for different files or
generating an UML diagram for your contracts.

## Extending the Hardhat Runtime Environment

Let’s go through the process of creating a plugin that adds new functionality to the Hardhat Runtime Environment. 

> By doing this, we make sure our new feature are available everywhere. That your plugin's users can access it from

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By doing this, we make sure our new feature is available everywhere. This means your plugin users can access it from
```

### Extending the Hardhat config

The boilerplate project also has an example on how to extend the Hardhat config.

> We strongly doing this in TypeScript and properly extending the config types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We strongly recommend doing this in TypeScript and properly extending the config types.
```
